Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You again.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah.
Lauren Johnston: No, I could also see you
Lauren Johnston: I know you are new to. I didn't know if you knew, but no one told me that I could see you once a week in place of the group meetings, if I couldn't make it because it was only that Wednesday at one
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so, um, that's new to me too, but I will confirm, I will be more than happy to see you once a week. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: So I am on Tuesdays at three
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, that'll work.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, that's cool. If it's just a check in. It'd be cool. Eventually, to be able to get with a group of people again.
Lauren Johnston: Right, I tried getting Wednesday and Thursdays off my boss is only confirming Monday and Tuesday, so
Lauren Johnston: I used to have Monday and Saturday the last few weeks.
Lauren Johnston: Okay, but now moving forward on Monday and Tuesday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so what we'll do, let's keep our eyes and ears open as we get more new patients. I'm hoping to form more groups and we'll just continue to grow from there. So that'd be great for both of us. Okay.
Yeah.
Lauren Johnston: I'm going to try to move into Tuesday, Wednesday. But right now, she's on the board or not letting me do Wednesday, just for business.
Lauren Johnston: You know, sales.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Mm hmm. Right. I know your job has been going really well. Sounds like they depend on you.
Yeah.
Lauren Johnston: And I'm not gonna lie, and stressful. It's just, you know, getting more responsibility as far as
Lauren Johnston: Not really in training anymore. You're getting familiar with everything. And now I gotta do what I'm hired to do which is to change it around and
Lauren Johnston: You know, get these employees doing what they're supposed to be doing. And they've been stuck in bad habits for however long they, you know, they've been there so
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, my work cut out for me here very
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Management management. That's right. It's not easy, isn't it so important, but it's not easy.
Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what's good to have you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You kind of opened up.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In terms of stress. I wanted to make certain that which are called NASA Pam that we see you for mental health. We use need still need us to refill it for you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Okay, so I'm going to me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I need you to make a mental health appointment, even if it needs to be this week and I usually see people at least once a month, a mental health when they're on a controlled substance. Okay, so let's make certain that you do that so that we're all in compliance.
Lauren Johnston: People will you see people after certain time because I know that I think it's the pain that I'm going to be that I can feel again I'm be out, but I don't know, like I said, I work nine to five, I believe, on Thursday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Latina, I see people want to not at my
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Latest upon about 8:30pm
Lauren Johnston: Oh, cool.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What Monday. Currently, Monday through Friday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I have some late hours.
Lauren Johnston: That
Lauren Johnston: Are you on my arm. That's, yeah, that's your time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. We're on the same time, Ohio. But you know when your mom's, you have to do things after hours because I, you know, we may be doing all homeschooling
Lauren Johnston: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, I can do early morning
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So please, just make an appointment, because I can go ahead and I don't want you to run out of your clonazepam so okay I can always send in this group after the meeting, even if you haven't ran out of it. And you can always pick it up later so that it's one less step, it'll be there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Fill it early. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Right, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just, just make an appointment for this week. We'll get that taken care of. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, and I didn't understand. I know you had said it but I guess I didn't understand it, but the new policy of being four days with the Suboxone four days with one refill.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, I
Knew
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It.
Lauren Johnston: Only because I work so much and to have to worry about going to the pharmacy, you know that often is
Lauren Johnston: A headache and like I had to have my family member who watches my kids while I'm at work who I haven't seen in several, several years. So I moved up here physically and I had to have her go pick up the medicine for me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I tell you what, I know that with everything that's going on that that can be an inconvenience. We do that to be protective. So once you're compliant and we're seeing each other than that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Drop off. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I've already asked them about that and we're trying to be. We just want to be protective and keep everybody compliant. Yeah, so hopefully that'll drop off and we'll meet every week. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Okay, so we're on the same page with that. So I'm going to ask you, I looked at your oars. Do you need a refill. Now or You still have a refill left on your soapbox I
Lauren Johnston: Just picked up the refill today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so no repo need it. Okay. All right, are you still doing the Suboxone eight over to the film one twice a day, one in the morning, one in the evening. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Are you having any withdrawals or cravings.
Lauren Johnston: No, no, my only issue last week, which I called in and try to request to not have it to wait till the to be filled. Because when I got my prescription. On the seventh
Lauren Johnston: Of April, I had to take my dose that day. So I was off that day I had to figure out how to shred up only one strip to get me by per day and a half, because I couldn't fill it and pick it up to the eighth in it literally
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, okay.
Lauren Johnston: So last night so that you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Don't have to bridge it like that. And that's why, and that's why I think it's helpful when we meet once a week, and I like to at least see people want some month as you move out and your
Lauren Johnston: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, I liked it. LISA You want some off no later, you know. No, I don't like to go beyond like two or three months, you know, patient because
Lauren Johnston: I wish I knew that I could have seen you in places in groups, because then it could have been address
Lauren Johnston: Okay, in
Lauren Johnston: That time but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So that shouldn't be a
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Problem. So if you picked up today you have four days. So what's today Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you will be out Saturday.
Lauren Johnston: Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I do need to get you a refill Ian
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you're not all out over the weekend.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so
Lauren Johnston: You again until Tuesday, but I might see you again for the I'm I should be able to see you again today or this week for the mental health part of it. I
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: can remind right so yes so if you make an appointment for mental health, then I can refill the club, now's a Pam. Great. Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the Suboxone I just don't want you run it out over the weekend, you can always call
Lauren Johnston: I know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we got that cover any
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Cravings or negative side effects from the Suboxone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'm going to ask you just a couple of questions. And this is just part of being protective like trying to see how are you dealing with everything going on in life is so much going on.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Kind of make certain that the medicines are not bringing about any adverse side effects. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So any thoughts of hurting yourself or anyone else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, seeing or hearing anything that's not there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so have you been having any increase in anxiety and insomnia like difficulty sleeping or depression.
Lauren Johnston: Not really anything more than normal. I'm just besides that panic attack that day with not being able to get my medicine, when I needed it.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so that's a no. Okay. Any fever runny nose, runny eyes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: breathing problems. COUGH coughing up blood shortness of breath land down. Okay, chest pain heart racing heart palpitation
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, stomach pain, nausea, constipation, from the medicine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. All right. Any other problems physically that you can think of. That's part of your review system that's concerning next well and problems which of vision or hearing
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. Good deal. Do you have a primary care doctor
Lauren Johnston: No know I'm in the process of opening now that we're reopening up
Then, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so
Lauren Johnston: If I just moved up here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I remember you tell me, do you have a dentist.
Lauren Johnston: No, I, I was already calling today trying to find one.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so look
Lauren Johnston: Good. Yeah, I actually have some work that still needs to get done.
Lauren Johnston: partial dentures and stuff. Unfortunately, just from my past and stuff like that.
Lauren Johnston: Still need to get that taken care of.
Lauren Johnston: I had
Lauren Johnston: to prolong it because I ended up having another baby so
Lauren Johnston: Now I have to go back to that.
Lauren Johnston: You know where I left off, but a different cuz I'm in another state. I had it all planned down in Florida.
Right.
Lauren Johnston: I'm hoping it will be that easy here so far, called I found one place that will take me, but they won't put me under anesthesia.
Lauren Johnston: Because I don't want them to do it like just locally, where they pull them all I have to do the work I have to get it all done like wham, bam. Thank you, ma'am. Like, I can't
Lauren Johnston: I don't want to walk around toothless, you know, and I mean feels like partially
Lauren Johnston: I would pull out more than two.
Lauren Johnston: At a time. You know what I mean.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: There's, you know, saying, You're right. And it's like different places have different rules. We went
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Through some
Lauren Johnston: Painful I think it would be less painful doing it that way.
Lauren Johnston: Going under anesthesia, because you know I'm
Lauren Johnston: Not trying to take any pain medication, obviously, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, if you
Lauren Johnston: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If you need some short term, we could we could. Some people have to do that short term because the pain can be so severe. Okay, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I don't want to penalize you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so just keep an enema.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay. And there are other pain options like you're saying like ibuprofen, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We've had people who had to do something just for like three days doing a transition and they did find he didn't relapse. So we don't want to penalize you okay
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, right. Okay, so let's see. Um, so we have, you have the medicines and I see that you are working in a management position. You've been at your job, long term so work is good is a good
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You live in a situation
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We should live in situation.
Lauren Johnston: It's good. I got like a nowhere near what I usually on a Florida.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right.
Lauren Johnston: Like some family up here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so you and your kids, four or five kids, as I recall.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: For kids.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: ERIC Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you feel safe, where you are.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I always want to ask
Lauren Johnston: I got my guard dog.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: rituals that you have
Lauren Johnston: One, I got one. I got. It's an American Bulldog.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Chihuahua.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You got a real hot dog.
Lauren Johnston: Guy yeah I got it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, all right, being good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Birth control. Let's review there any, are you on birth control.
Lauren Johnston: I know I have to go back. It's been six weeks now, a little over, I have to get my tubes tied
Okay.
Lauren Johnston: That is not my idea back to you.
Lauren Johnston: Okay, but now that I know like my know for a fact I'll always have Monday and Tuesday off.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know name. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: For now, so now I can start kind of planning.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you plan to get the bilateral tubal ligation done okay we got that any recent hospitalizations.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I recall that your diet. It's been good fruits and vegetables, meat starches.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, yeah, some variety. Yeah. All right, them and something we always ask about is alcohol use.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: An alcohol.
Lauren Johnston: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the last time we talked about alcohol use in terms of why we don't want you mixing the alcohol would buprenorphine increased risk of death because it can interfere
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, and any the benzodiazepines Klonopin are you only use them was prescribed. Are you mixing them with the volume. The Xanax or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Animal. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and all the reason I ask is because the combination of the bizos the low dose that you're taking you're tolerating it well, but I always so that's part of the protective side. So I asked asked questions. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, now you look and motivated, how you feel.
Lauren Johnston: I feel good. I got my hair done.
Lauren Johnston: Today's often are
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Managed to get your hair done.
Lauren Johnston: kids running around in circles, but I did it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You got it done. Were you able to go into a shop and get it done.
Lauren Johnston: No, I wish I did.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You do just oh good, you have this. Good, good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: How did you manage to go to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You saying are you staying motivated about your sobriety. And I said, No. Right.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, I don't need any of that I you know I was younger. That's all happened to me. I've been passed that. You know what I mean, like, I've got too many children and me and
Lauren Johnston: My drive you know them and and like my health. You know, I was like feeling better looking good, and trying to say that with
Me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right when they have you had any recent relapses
Lauren Johnston: Know it's been two and a half years because I've been in the backs and then in Florida for a while.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, good, good. And who is one of your big supporters
Lauren Johnston: Probably my mom.
Lauren Johnston: And my grandma was up here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is that your mom, mom.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah. Yeah. And then my mom's down in Florida, but I am my grandma and I have my eldest sister, and she's like four hours away.
Lauren Johnston: And then I've got cousins. Yeah, I'd say, my mom.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, we'll go
Lauren Johnston: To move up here and I mean where there was like better resource.
Support
Lauren Johnston: That lead that fear of, you know, scary.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, I'm in the support to. Now let me ask you this, in terms of tobacco use. Have you are you smoking.
Lauren Johnston: Smoking. I'm not writing tackle that just yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so not ready to stop.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, we will we will go back to that and I will
Lauren Johnston: I know we talked, we talked about that last time.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, so do want to just encourage that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tobacco cessation.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I just want to continue to encourage that. And we'll revisit that every time. That's part of protective nature just know I'm here. If there's something you want to talk about, too, but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: One of the things is that when you do stop smoking of people that don't smoke lose about 10 years of their life. Okay, so it actually shortens your life. And so just, just a little seeds of some benefits of not smoking. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right then. So we've done most of everything in terms of your questions and everything you've got your nor can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, let me make certain we got it in. I mean, I'll double check it should be there, but I'll, I'll go ahead and send that in. OK.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: OK, I bet in
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Lauren Johnston: And they were saying that my pharmacy for some reason.
Lauren Johnston: Today that data.
Lauren Johnston: Suboxone and then they didn't know when they were getting more in. And I said, Well, do I need to go to another year just that brand. And she said, I don't think anyone around town has any they
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Will they will have to put that on the call and get that sent do. We've had places to do that before and some places and getting them to
Lauren Johnston: About, she said. Hopefully they
Lauren Johnston: Should work out soon. And she might not know
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, just call them in advance. So, and that's even more of a reason why we make that appointment to see me.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thursday.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So let's plan sooner. We did it in the better. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Okay, yeah, I'll and I'll call around Thursday before our appointment and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, you can assume off the phone, you can make no point you can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Phone You can schedule appointment with me. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah. Yeah. But I think on the pharmacy, because I don't want you to send
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That'd be great.
Lauren Johnston: That doesn't have. So, all right.
Lauren Johnston: When I can between work and stuff and try to see, you know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Confirm and call them again. That's a great idea. That's a great idea.
Lauren Johnston: You send it well and I have to call you guys factory, send it somewhere else, right, because of it in any file right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. First, the rescinded.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, so less less arm as soon as you if you call around, that'd be great. Okay.
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No problem. I'll need some vitals from you. Once you see your primary care if you could bring in your vital signs.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you ever get your blood work collected
Lauren Johnston: I'm not sure I'm happy to revisit that I say we're supposed to send over fax over the information and not the lab or not laughing request was going to comment received it, but maybe I'll call them and just see and touch base with that, I'll do that today.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You ever. Did you ever get an order from us and get your blood collected at another site.
Lauren Johnston: And no, not at all, because I was supposed to get it at Quest, but then they said, My insurance wasn't gonna cover it the way they set it.
Lauren Johnston: In Toronto.
Lauren Johnston: I told Braveheart and they said they would take care of it and send it over the way that quest ass and question only they call me when I can come in and do
Lauren Johnston: Okay, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll follow up to. Have you ever given us any have you ever gotten your urine cup.
Lauren Johnston: My God, my urine cup sitting at my house. I already in and I don't know what to do with it. Am I supposed to return it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or, well, what do you say you should give you a call I have them to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: send you another year and cut. We have to do that every month. Okay. And what they do is give you a call. And while we have the zoom you'll go use the bathroom in it and show the cup.
Lauren Johnston: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So I have someone to call you and set that up because I didn't see you.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah, there's no instructions with it. I was, I called and told him, right, give me an answer as far as what to do. We were on the subject of everything else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I'll put it, I'll put that in a note to, um, let's see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Everything looks from what I can see all your extremities and everything you move and everything. Well, we've reviewed your orders and that looks good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And keep your medicines with you because you may I do request to do pill caps with patients whenever they see me. I may do, what am I doing randomly throughout the year.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And will continue with the weekly medical appointments weekly. Bam. That's when they do your assessment. When you call in monthly your drug screening laps. I do every six months at least we'll get your first set will request that again. Pull up
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Every month and
Lauren Johnston: Get a primary care. Let's see, can I get those vitals done at the quest or no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well usually primary care does. I don't recall them doing the vitals at Quest, but, uh, when you do establish that that care, just please
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You know, send that to us or even if you want to hold it up and I write it down on the zoom. So I can have your results and that way I like to know what your vitals are okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Appreciate that. I think that's everything that we need to do and I'll look forward to talking with you again this week. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. That'll be on to visit. Okay.
Lauren Johnston: Alright, sounds good. Thanks.
Lauren Johnston: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You have a great day. Bye bye.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we'll go ahead and complete this dictation. Thank you. So the only thing to add with her pretty much have all the rest of the information
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: The assessment opioid use disorder. And she also has a diagnosis, you probably about and I can, I noticed at least anxiety for the plan.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She'll come continue weekly visits weekly medical visits and she needs to have twice a month business with her therapist patient states that in lieu of the group visit she can
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Meet with medical and stay at weekly I will need to confirm this patient, not able to keep group visit due to work schedule. She needs all blood all labs collected intake labs need to be collected patients they she's never had this done.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nice. So UDS for this month UDS needs to be done, monthly, she will call and make a mental health appointment with Dr. Sale this week as she will be running out of clonazepam so she needs mental health visits with Dr. Sale monthly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She is not do for refill of her Suboxone she needs a primary care physician and a dentist and she is currently working on finding both of these. She didn't ask alcohol use.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Patient has been educated on the increased risk of death with MCS and alcohol and access been cells with buprenorphine tobacco cessation has been addressed patient states that she is not ready to stop smoking will send in our can for her.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Into dictation. Start Time was 407 we're finishing at 429 and this is for Lauren Justin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Hello.
Janice Macko: How are you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm doing well, how are you doing
Janice Macko: I'm doing good. I'm doing good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Good. I'm glad I got a chance to see you.
Janice Macko: Yes. Same here.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And thank you for keeping your appointment.
Janice Macko: I'm not sure how all this works, but I'm just following what I'm being told to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay with. Thank you. I'm Dr celador Akon tune day
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Janice Macko: Ever I pronounce your name, so I didn't want to do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is sale like cell phone. Okay.
Janice Macko: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can you see me pretty good.
Janice Macko: Yeah yeah
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Well, great, great. How did you hear about us.
Janice Macko: I'm actually, I'm in drug court in Cleveland, and I'm almost done with it, and my appeal recommended it. Um,
Janice Macko: I don't know why.
Janice Macko: You said, possibly in the home or urine test we could put in the mail or something like that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is. That's true. We can send out those urine test to you you urinate in a cup and you hold it up for the zoom camera to see it. Okay.
Janice Macko: Okay, yeah.
Janice Macko: That was the main reason
Okay.
Janice Macko: Being exposed and all that stuff just don't want to go out of the house.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Exactly, exactly. So what I'll do for this meeting is often quite a lot of questions being new but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: We'll move this forward. Have you ever been asked box on before in the past.
Janice Macko: I don't want to be on it at all. I didn't trial now and I've been sober for over nine months so
Janice Macko: I don't know if that's a requirement of the program. But no, I don't want to be on Suboxone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: UK you on Wednesday. Last take your draw
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I'm injection
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You hadn't even remember trial injection
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, was the last time you had one
Janice Macko: I had it.
Janice Macko: On the 29th of April.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, April 29 okay and who's going to be giving you the vivid trial injections.
Janice Macko: Um, the I O P place that I went through more counseling. It's called
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so more counseling will give the will give give the vivid trawl
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. And so your reason for coming to us. As for what is it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: One and the urine drug screens.
Janice Macko: Yes, yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, all right, and groups.
Janice Macko: Um, if required. Yeah, I've already finished LP and aftercare bus.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, great groups counseling.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And for the UDS okay so we'll be so do you see a physician to anyone there or or do they just give you the nurses just give you a bit of a trial. How does that work.
Janice Macko: On there is a doctor that kind of overseas things but he's not. There's two of them that they rotate and they don't really do anything though.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, and tell me the name of this is, can you say the name of this place. Again, it's called Moore's M O R M O RA.
Janice Macko: RA nice Helmsley
Janice Macko: Okay and mediation services. So MC
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Morris counseling and mediation services.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. And where is that located
Janice Macko: Um, there's one on prospect and Cleveland, Ohio, and one in you. Good, good, Ohio.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And which one do you go to in Cleveland.
Janice Macko: And what I'm prospect.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Prospect Cleveland prospects road.
Um,
Janice Macko: It might be Avenue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Prospect Avenue Cleveland. Okay, so I will go ahead and request that information did you give them bloodwork because we'll do a standard intake and check everything on you. How about that.
Janice Macko: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Um, right, the
Janice Macko: Again, have bloodwork in December.
Janice Macko: Okay, that was the
Janice Macko: I had an order to get more and they could not get it because I'm a hard sticks. So her
Janice Macko: Stick. Yeah, they couldn't get it at all.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So hours would be like a send out will send it to you. And so usually they will be able to collect it. But, um, so let me go ahead and get the form and get things moving for you. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, our screen might get a little smaller but I'm still here. You can still hear me all right.
Janice Macko: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, let's see.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So are you in Ohio. Your whole life.
Janice Macko: Yes, ma'am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. So can you see me. I can still see you
Janice Macko: Yeah, yeah. Good for you.
Good.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so we'll go ahead as Miss Janice. Jay, and I see
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. And it's makeover. Right.
Yep.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, we'll go ahead and get the
Janice Macko: Okay, counseling. Is it going to be
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, we do group counseling and then you one on one with a therapist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Mm hmm.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I am pulling up the whole new impatient individual nurse prevent I
Janice Macko: would still have to do
Janice Macko: The counseling, even though I finished the aftercare and I. O. P.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Well, in the past, when I have done I'm detailed I O P which to do it. We still kept our patients and counseling because you still need that support.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, so we're very protective here at bright heart health. We want to make certain that we've got you taken care of the whole person. All right.
Janice Macko: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then as you go further along. So you start weekly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Then you don't have to come as often. After that, okay, but we have
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To close initially. All right.
Janice Macko: Okay, that's fine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can you tell me how young you are
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 41 so 41 year old female
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: With the history of opioid use disorder.
Did you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See, what was your drug of choice.
Janice Macko: Heroin
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And how did you take you heroin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: IV okay so history of heroin use IV. How long did you use heroin.
Janice Macko: 11 years
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: 11 years
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. She is currently participating in drug court. So this all under API.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is she learned about bright hearth health. She is currently on
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: does not desire people morphing she is going to Moore's counseling and mediation services in Cleveland, Ohio own Prospect Avenue. She has started her Vivek trial injection and had her first dose of the trial on April 29
Janice Macko: Oh, no, no. I had my first September of last year.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, first vivid trawl injection September of 2019 and has been trawling direction, April 29 2020
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah desires to see us for groups counseling.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: An ongoing monitoring with labs and you're
Janice Macko: Good to me.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Tell me about your history of drug use.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You started the heroin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You continue use heroin IV for 11 years but when it's your first drug use or how
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Young, are you, and what was the drug of choice.
Janice Macko: Um, I started with the pills probably
Janice Macko: Like five years prior to their own you. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Janice Macko: I think probably 2004
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so when you're about 30 years old, which peels that you start with
Janice Macko: Um, the Percocet, Oxycodone
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Started with Percocet and OxyContin and did that use increase to you switch to heroin.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Oh, and what was the maximum dose a heroin you used per day on average.
Janice Macko: anywhere from two to four gram a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, averaging about one half to one grandma heroin per day. Okay. Did you ever use any other drugs marijuana, cocaine,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And fed me. I really, when
Janice Macko: I was younger, I think I've tried them, but nothing significant now. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So when you were younger, you you experimented with different drugs, but your drug of choice was the heroin. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Right. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you drank alcohol.
Janice Macko: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, no alcohol use. Okay. All right, then. So we'll, we'll keep going. And you said no history of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: buprenorphine use. Have you ever been in treatment before the more more counseling and mediation services.
Janice Macko: Yeah, I was in residential inpatient
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Prior to go into More's
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay so residential inpatient for opioid use disorder.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. Do you have a history of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Overdose attempts or overdose.
Janice Macko: Accident oh
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, I've had with you. Okay. Have you had more than two or three
Janice Macko: Know, just a couple
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Just a couple. Okay, so I'm going to go backwards a little bit. Do you have a history of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Like any history of or thoughts of plans of hurting yourself or anyone else.
Janice Macko: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Do you currently have any feelings of
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or desire for harm yourself or anyone else.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know, Katie. Do you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: See or hear anything that's not there.
No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Have you ever had a history of suicide attempt.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay, so no history of suicide attempts. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. Do you, are there any weapons in a home.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, no. Right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, do you have a good support group.
Janice Macko: Yes, I do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now, right, and who does that consist of
Janice Macko: Um, I have my sponsor, who I talked to
Janice Macko: Every evening at seven o'clock I call her.
Janice Macko: My family mother, father, my daughter's
Janice Macko: Okay boyfriend.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right there. Are you alone. A lot. Do you have people around you.
Janice Macko: Know I have people around me.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That is, that's good to know.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. The end.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have any mental health disorders, anxiety, depression, bipolar or anything to be concerned about.
Janice Macko: Yeah, I HAVE THOSE OF YOU, EVERYONE, you listed
Janice Macko: But I have my medication for him seeing a psychiatrist.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, the entropy
Janice Macko: Pretty, pretty regulated right now.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Alright, so are you fill in any increased anxiety or depression.
Janice Macko: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right. Good, good, good, good. How are you coping with stress in general.
Janice Macko: I'm
Janice Macko: Just kind of taking it as it comes and
Janice Macko: You know, just just admitting that I'm powerless. I can't change it. So I'm doing okay with it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, well that's good to know. So past medical history said at positive anxiety, depression,
Bipolar
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have like high blood pressure, diabetes, anything like that.
Janice Macko: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, are you currently taking medicines for anything.
Janice Macko: Yes, for it's like
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: This for two segments. Okay. Dan, is there a pass social his surgical history. Have you had any surgeries.
Janice Macko: I had gallbladder removed.
Janice Macko: An ectopic pregnancy.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I think that was it. Okay. Okay. So gallbladder removed and ectopic pregnancy and what is your family history positive for any any, like, let's start with your mom is your mom alive or deceased.
Janice Macko: She's alive and she had lung cancer with she actually beat so
Janice Macko: There's history cancer, my mom and my father has high blood pressure, diabetes, but it's all, it's just medication regulated right now so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Medication regulated.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did either parents
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, did any anybody in your family with the history of addiction.
Janice Macko: Um, my brother and sister.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, what, okay. Was it here, one or
Janice Macko: Alcohol. Oh no, my brother's alcohol.
Janice Macko: Okay, and my sister is Ben those
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Because those helpful.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In alcohol. Okay. Is there a family history of mental health, anxiety, depression,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Schizophrenia, my mom. But yeah, my mom went through it. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To do. Okay. Damn.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, social history.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I we know about the opioid use disorder any alcohol use.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, no negative for alcohol use any busy day as a pain like advantage Xanax volume.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anything like that.
Janice Macko: I was prescribed them for many years. Yeah.
Janice Macko: I was prescribed them and I haven't taken any of those. I literally good two, three years.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay so currently not using any of the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: benzodiazepine. Do you have a history of abuse for the benzodiazepines.
Janice Macko: No, not abuse just mix it with the heroin was with the lethal combination
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, is there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you have any legal problems like history of legal problems associated with drug drug use.
Janice Macko: You know, yeah.
Janice Macko: Yeah, I was in drug court now and I have a previous felonies for drug possession and stuff.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Previous felonies Acadian and what is your are you working now.
Janice Macko: No I my disability.
Janice Macko: Okay, disability.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, Dan. And what is your Social Security disability for is it for mental health or physical
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. All right. And you're living situation. Do you live alone or you live with someone
Janice Macko: I'm with my boyfriend and my his mother and my 10 year old daughter comes back and forth between me and my parents house.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh good, ever.
Janice Macko: Missed him.
Janice Macko: Okay, I don't know, is really pretty. Sorry.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, that's okay. And in terms of your social history. Do you have children.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. And how many children do you have
Janice Macko: I have two girls.
Janice Macko: They're 23 and 10
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so two girls. Okay, and their ages 23 and 10 years old. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes. All right, then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, let me go back here. Sorry for a minute.
Going back through this thing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Or we don't go
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, we'll go back here for one more time. Go back and open this thing up again. Sorry about that. MISS MAGGIE.
Janice Macko: That's fine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Michael, I appreciate your patience. Right there.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I believe we have everything
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Social History. Are you getting fruits and vegetables and meat and starches are you getting a variety of meals.
Janice Macko: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right then.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Get up, you know, in terms of and we'll, I'll go back to your past medical history, what are you doing for birth control.
Janice Macko: Nothing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, condoms. Are you okay with getting pregnant.
Janice Macko: Um, I don't think we should bring him but it's, I mean it happens, it happens. But I had my two removes
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, you've had both. I just wanna you
Janice Macko: See the ad has been my kid. I didn't think that it could happen once but
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right. I mean, surprise.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It did. Okay. Did you tell me you have a primary care doctor
Janice Macko: Yeah, I do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Will you talk with your primary care doctor about birth control.
Janice Macko: Yeah, I can. She recommended it to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So, but I guess. Oh, need it right because, I mean, you still could, you know, I'm just gonna say I was reading the news though the day and this lady was in a 60s. When she got pregnant that I was in vitro fertilization, but I'm just saying these things do happen.
Janice Macko: Yeah. Yeah, I know, I know. I just been slacking because I've been so used to not using any so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, you get a surprise. Yeah.
Janice Macko: Yeah, well, I don't need that right now so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: On Tuesday. Okay, so it looks like we've taken care of everything your social history and I want to go back to to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Under just looking back at your social history do you smoke cigarettes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah okay, Dan. How much do you smoke.
Janice Macko: A PACK A DAY.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: All right, Patrick per day are you planning to stop.
Janice Macko: I'm I'm cutting down. I have to. I keep coughing and coughing and coughing and I don't know if it's running to just be sick and it the smoking isn't helping me at all. So yeah, I do need to put down
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. So is that a desire you have you been thinking about not smoking.
Janice Macko: Yeah, yeah. I have my primary care doctor about it too, and she gave me some good recommendations so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Did you have you ever tried the patches or Chantix or anything like that.
I'm
Janice Macko: Not really. I never really gave them a chance. But, uh, you know, I'd be willing to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I really do want you to talk with her again. So I'll share a little bit about it. One of the benefits of not smoking is that when you don't smoke. You could add 10 more years to your life because it does shorten your lifespan increases your risk of heart attack, heart attacks.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've actually had some patients who stopped smoking and they actually noticed that their breathing got better at a couple of weeks. They didn't feel like they had that elephant sitting on their chest. Many patients, notice that they're smelling improved taste improve
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Circulation improve blood pressure got better.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And the one of the major benefits of not smoking is that with you being young, if you stop, you definitely can limit and stop the progression of any type of damage to your long, so definitely want to encourage you to do that.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Now there are a lot of different options out there to help you stop smoking because what my smokers share with me is the thing that they want is the nicotine.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But I don't want the other stuff that increase the risk of cancer. Right, right.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So one of the things that I used to do. I will give my patients patches and this is very common nicotine patches. Have you ever tried them before.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay.
Janice Macko: I think when I was in the hospital once or twice I gave them to me.
Janice Macko: Okay, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So the thing about the nicotine patches. You put them on usually on your shoulder. You don't want to sleep with the nicotine patches, because you have some very vivid dreams.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Yeah. Okay, take them all. And when you crave a cigarette. Instead of smoking a cigarette. You can break like the GM and have put it under your tongue, or you can do the laws and your
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And our call, they have different ways of delivering the nicotine. So you have that Joan is giving you the steady state of the nicotine and then we had a breakthrough crave is instead of reaching for the cigarette. You grab that gum other laws injure okay yeah
Janice Macko: Yes, it sounds good. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: worth a shot.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: However,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You want to make a t shirt. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Definitely want to just encourage you to talk with your doctor about that. All right. Any, any questions on the on what you can do.
Janice Macko: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I've actually had patients who said they like holding it in their fingers.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yes, I'm in their mouth and I've had patients make like a fake straw a fake cigarette.
Janice Macko: My mother did that right
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And it was just holding it and put the gum in your mouth of the laws of nature. So you still get your nicotine, but you still got like this draw us to have a straw you're chewing ice or something. Okay.
Janice Macko: Yeah, well, if I can get over the filter monster. I'm sure nicotine is isn't you know it's bad, but it's not going to be as bad. I don't think
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: That's a good point that you bring up if you can get over to things that you've gotten over, you can definitely do this. Have you at least decrease your nicotine use WERE YOU WHAT WERE YOU THAT
Janice Macko: Um, I was I was smoking, like a pack a day.
Janice Macko: Just be in in the in the halfway house and in treatment and all that. And when I got home.
Janice Macko: My boyfriend's mother, she kind of his breathing issues. So we have to go outside. So it's kind of I would say almost cut in half because it's a pain in the butt to go outside to smoke so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So you say you're at one half a pack per day so far.
Janice Macko: Okay, yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, that's good.
Janice Macko: It's getting lower. So, and my primary care doctor says you know what she says. Take a pack of cigarettes start out
Janice Macko: One day, Mocha 20. The next day 19. The next day, smoke 18 inches and get all the way down to zero.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, but I
Janice Macko: Listened to you. Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah, yeah. So maybe, maybe you're at that point now talk with her and see how she can get that going for you because you've got a lot of good options.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Here and you've overcome one big one big barrier.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So this way, another really good one. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Yeah. Okay. So we've talked about that. Have you had any recent hospitalizations been in hospital recently.
Janice Macko: No.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Have you ever been in a hospital for anything major, other than get your gallbladder and had deliver your babies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Any implantable devices. Any screws pacemakers anything
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, Dan. And so a couple of things to ask you in terms of review system. Are you having any problems with your ears a problem seeing
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No. Okay. Are you having any fever abnormal weight loss.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Are you having any Coughing. Coughing up blood coughing up sputum.
Janice Macko: I've been coughing and there's been a lot of fun with it.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, you've had some coffee. Do you think thats related to your long term smoking use
Janice Macko: I was real sick, the end of February. I was pregnant. I was diagnosed with bronchitis.
Janice Macko: And it kind of knocked me out for like a week and then I started to get better. And then it came back again. So this is like just trailing off the bat. It's the same call the same mucus, the same everything so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, so less you're going to talk with your primary care about your Long's
Janice Macko: Yeah yeah
Janice Macko: Okay. He actually put me on a second dose of antibiotics. So I was about a about a month ago in
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: About a month ago. Good, good. So sounds like you're getting at watch any chest pain, shortness of breath heart racing.
Janice Macko: No, no.
Janice Macko: No, I didn't make
Janice Macko: The breath, but
Janice Macko: It's gone now.
Janice Macko: It was horrible, what I went through.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So no shortness of breath. So you've gotten better since February when you lay down. Do you have shortness of breath.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Oh, okay. Dan, and you said your anxiety and depression is controlled
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Am I understanding notionally you're fine in any fever, night sweats.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Know any stomach pain, diarrhea, constipation,
Janice Macko: Know,
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Any swelling in your legs.
Janice Macko: No. No. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: anything that I missed like problems with sore throat, runny nose, runny eyes. Are you having any withdrawals.
Janice Macko: No.
Janice Macko: No. Okay. Are you having any cravings for narcotics.
Janice Macko: No, no.
Janice Macko: Yeah. Amazing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And no withdrawals are you, have you had any relapse, since you started to vivid trawl
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, ma'am. Okay, so we'll make certain we put that know relapse and starting to veto veto any negative side effects from November trawl
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay, Dan. So when you started you've noticed that you weren't having any cravings afterwards.
Janice Macko: Yeah, yeah, it did cut the cravings done a lot. I mean, towards the end of your next shot like a week before you start getting a little
Janice Macko: edgy and and you know there's there's thoughts that come in in a little more than regular but it really seems to control it a lot for me and I've tried a lot of things to stop this.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To control. So sounds like all of that's going really well. I'm just looking over all of my good stuff all my goodies here. It looks like we've covered everything that we need to do.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Part today. I know, I know you've been such a great person to talk to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Let me ask you to wear as we're moving along.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: What medications are you are you currently taking
Janice Macko: And taking selects a
Janice Macko: Little hello bill.
Janice Macko: Whose car.
Okay.
Janice Macko: Depakote gabapentin Depakote.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Do you know the doses on any of those
Yeah.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: So how much selects, are you taking
Janice Macko: 40 milligrams
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 40 milligrams a day elvia how much
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You still there.
Miss Janice
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Janice. Can you hear me.
Janice Macko: Yeah, I
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Can hear how many
Elevators
Yes, I can.
Janice Macko: I'm 150 milligrams
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Is it at night.
Janice Macko: Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay and abuse bar dose.
Janice Macko: A 15 milligrams twice a day.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, sounds right. Depakote dose. Yeah.
Janice Macko: I'm
Janice Macko: 1500 at night, I take them.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay and Gabba Penton
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You froze on okay 603 600 milligrams three times a day, and you've ever done.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Anything over the counter.
Janice Macko: Um, I've taken some costs are up here and there, but no nothing.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: No, okay. No real no real mess. Okay, any allergies.
Janice Macko: No, no.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, no known drug allergies.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Nope, okay. Dan. All right, then. All right. Looks like you're doing very well in terms of how you're functioning. Can you bring us some vital signs from your primary care doctor when you see you next time back
Janice Macko: Yeah yeah
Janice Macko: What does she need to do just the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Is that if you write them down, or if you have any old vital signs this kind of current you can just show them up to me on the zoom and I should be able to read them off for you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Oh, we usually print out that and from your exam. What I'm seeing from. You look like you're doing very well.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then I would like to see you at least. Um, let's see, see how things are going for you got your meds. I like to see you at least every month. Have you been assigned to a group or anything yet.
Janice Macko: No, not yet.
Janice Macko: You and I shouldn't be done with
Janice Macko: Drug Court. So I don't know how that's gonna play out. But we'll take it as it
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, will complete job court and I'll find out to Job court at the end of June.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And end of June.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, so
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And do you have a dentist.
Janice Macko: Yes.
Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, as a dentist.
Janice Macko: I actually got to have some one more oral surgery and then I could get fitted from against my appointment with the 25th of April, and they were closed yet so I have to reschedule.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, we'll get that
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And I'll get a release of information from your primary care just saw know your diagnosis and also from the more counseling. So I'll confirm your diagnosis.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And what we do is we usually see people weekly for group and medical so I'm usually part of the group visits and the therapist at least twice a month. And we do weekly assessments to see how you're doing monthly urine drug screens will do your intake lapses pretty comprehensive will
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Get those forms sent to you and I pull your history like your prescription history every mom and you get a urine drug screen every month. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so if you have any questions don't hesitate to give us a call. I will at least plan to be back in touch with you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It looks least this week, I'll have our team reach out to you and let me see what we already have scheduled for ya. I usually after the first intake that I see you, I usually like to see you back in at least a week, so I'll confirm what groups you're coming back to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And if you're in. I suspect you you should be doing weekly groups with us. And so I'll usually see you in one month. So I have one month follow up with you follow up with Dr. So, and I have one someone to schedule that okay
Janice Macko: So one month follow up into the weekly groups.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Their weekly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: And then, and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Then as you do well.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It goes the bi weekly and then it goes to once a month. Okay.
Janice Macko: Four days a week that more. So that's right the IoT can be pretty extensive so we know
Janice Macko: That but
Janice Macko: You know what, it worked. So
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: It sure does. It sure does, right. So you continue what you've ever trawl and I'll, I'll find out about everything else that we need to do because it sounds like you're doing really well on your overall
Janice Macko: Yeah, yeah. I feel like I am.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Right, and that's that's what I'm gathering to okay
Janice Macko: Yeah. Yeah. Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay. Well, thank you, you will be hearing back from us again. So we've got your plan. We've got your goals, we've addressed your health concerns, you'll be hearing back from us by this week, or at least by next week you'll see me monthly and
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Follow up on all the
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Other question that you have for me. Okay.
Janice Macko: Okay. Will you call or will it be email or
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Someone to be giving you a call. They may email you
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: But you'll be hearing from us and you've got
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Our number remember my name right.
Yes.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so I'm gonna look forward to hear from you again. Give me your phone number. So I'll have it right here with me.
Janice Macko: Okay, it's 2160860
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay 21212111 number
Janice Macko: Doctor, so I look forward to
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: You again. Okay.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay.
Janice Macko: All right. Thank you, man. Thank you.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Baba
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Okay, so we can put in a normal physical exam for
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Miss Janice macko and we did everything else with her.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Intake note, and I believe we already discussed what the plan is for her so she has the opioid use disorder.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She looks stable on her vivid trawl that she's currently receiving from Morris counseling.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Every month so she'll continue that treatment, she'll do weekly medical angry appointments weekly BAM monthly UDS intake comprehensive intake layups. Then we'll plan to do
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: To help see and your pregnancy every six months or as monthly UDS monthly
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Additional additionally release of information needs to be completed for primary care provider and also for more counseling mediation services in Cleveland on Prospect Avenue.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: she'll follow the primary care for birth control, and she does have a dentist tobacco cessation was advice and she will follow up with her primary care doctor to help us address I would like for the tobacco cessation, to be
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Billed arm. Let's see. Nana for all six
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: Cessation counseling start at 450 to 454
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: She will get vitals from her primary care provider.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: she'll continue with her mental health appointments with her psychiatrists and also with our primary care provider. I'll update them those medications.
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: I need to confirm
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: If she needs a prescription for nor cancel confirm need for Narcan
Celedor  (Dr. Cel) Akintunde, MD: In a dictation. We started at 432 and I have here that we're internet Bible for